# Joshua Sanni – senior DevOps/cloud anchor (high_bar 86–90)

JOSHUA SANNI
Snr. DevOps Engineer
Remote, USA
(443) 559-7315
Dojsanni@gmail.com
LinkedIn: @linkedin.com/in/jsanni
American Citizen
Highly and results-driven Cloud DevOps
Engineer with over 10 years of experience
supporting pipeline management for
business applications deployed within AWS,
Azure and GCP. Proficient in configuring and
maintaining CI/CD pipeline and Proven track
record in Build & Release Management,
Consult & Contribute to system architecture
in extensive work towards code compilation,
packaging, building, debugging, automating,
managing, tuning and deploying code across
multiple environments.

EDUCATION
University of Lagos
MBA Business Administration
And Management Lagos , Nigeria
B.sc COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Lagos , Nigeria
CERTIFICATIONS
Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA)
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CCP)
AWSCertified Solutions Architect Associate (SAA)
AWS Certified SysOps Administrator (SOA)
AWS Certified Solutions Architect Professional (SAP)
AWS Certified DevOps Engineer Professional
AWS Certified Security - Specialty (SCS)
AWS Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA)
Certified Kubernetes Application Developer(CKAD)
Certified Kubernetes Security - (CKS)
Project Management Professional (PMP)
Microsoft Certified: Devops EngineerExpert
Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator
Associate.
AZ-304: Microsoft Azure Architect Design
Microsoft Certified: Azure Solutions Architect
Expert.
AZ-303: Microsoft Azure Architect Technologies
AZ-400: Designing and Implementing Microsoft
DevOps Solution.
LFS260: Kubernetes Security Essentials

EXPERIENCE
Devops/Cloud Engineer
NIH
OCT 2020 – Present | Rockville, MD
▪ Breaking down monolithic applications hosted on-prem
into microservice architecture hosted in containers or
using server-less workloads.
▪ Collaborate with product owners to design and deploy
business and scientific products on a custom Docker platform
as a service (Paas) in Amazon Web Services (AWS).
▪ Collaborating with software developers in designing
solutions to host and deploy custom business and scientific
applications on our PaaS in AWS.
▪ Developed smoke tests pipeline for applications.
▪ Configured Sonarqube to run code quality for java and
NodeJS applications.
▪ Migrated Sonarqube which was running in ECS to
kubernetes cluster to optimize cost.
▪ Managed kubernetes charts using Helm and created
reproducible builds of microservices on k8scluster.
▪ Worked on managing k8s deployment and service files and
releases of Helm packages.

System Engineer
TISTA
JAN 2018 – SEP 2020 | Rockville, MD
▪ Collaborate with Developers and Testers to ensure
streamlined CI/CD Developing CI/CD roadmap and
implementing to the project
▪ AWS services administration using IAM, VPC, Route 53,
EC2, S3, CodeBuild, CodeDeploy, Redshift, RDS,
CloudWatch CloudFormation
▪ Develop and automate standard operating procedures
around common failure scenarios.
▪ Monitor, analyze, and report performance statistics for
cloud hosted environments.
▪ Develop application features, measure performance,
improve and act upon performance data. Consult and
contribute to system architecture.
▪ Complete deployment and maintenance of AWS VPC
with site-to-site VPN Connection
▪ Building Jenkins pipelines for packaging and building
proprietary applications into Docker Images.
▪ Strive for continuous improvement and build continuous
integration, continuous development, and constant
deployment pipeline (CI/CD Pipeline)
▪ Monitoring the processes during the entire lifecycle for
its adherence and updating or creating new processes
for improvement and minimizing the wastage.

SKILLS
GitHub Enterprise Appliance, CloudBees
Jenkins, SonarQube, Artifactory, Invicti •AWS
Services: IAM, VPC, EC2, S3, CodeBuild,
CodeDeploy, Redshift, RDS, CloudWatch, API
Gateway, Lambda
•Linux System Administration
•Scripting: Bash, Python
• CI/CD: Jenkins, Docker
•Containerization: Kubernetes, Docker Swarm
•Infrastructure as Code:CloudFormation
•Version Control: Git
•Monitoring and Analytics: Prometheus,
Grafana
•Networking: DNS, DHCP, TCP/IP
•Programming Languages: Java, Python, Shell
scripting
•Other: Ansible, Puppet, Terraform, Jira,
PowerShell, Apache Kafka, MySQL, Networking
SCRIPTING
Python, Go, Ant, Shell Scriptings, Powershell
OPERATING SYSTEMS
Windows, Linux, MacOS
REFERENCES: Available upon request

Linux Administrator / DevOps Engineer
GENSYS Technology
JULY 2014 – SEP 2018 | Baltimore, MD
▪ Collaborate with Dell EMC to decide the appropriate
specifications for the network Switches, Servers and SANs to
deploy our product stack with and deliver to our client sites.
▪ Monitoring performance metrics of swarm services using
Prometheus and Grafana with customized Dashboard.
▪ Configuration of Dell Network Switches and configuration
of DNS, DHCP and TFTP services for bare metal servers to
be deployed in client sites.
▪ Designing and implementing infrastructure as code and CI/CD
pipeline for deployments of large-scale web applications.
▪ Built in-house containerized Docker and Maven repository
with Nexus for housing Docker Image Maven artifacts and
Container orchestration using Docker Swarm.
▪ Implement Jenkins pipelines for API automation testing
with SoapUI and Selenium.
▪ Integrated Telemetry API into Elasticsearch Kafka clusters.
▪ Created kafka topics to ensure data flow is consistent
through telemetry API's.
▪ Created 28 services to integrate Apache Kafka into existing
microservice architecture to allow event-driven data flow.
▪ AWS Services: Proficient in deploying infrastructure as
code using AWS Compute (EC2), AWS Network (VPCs
and Load Balancers), and AWS Serverless (API Gateway
and Lambda) services. CI/CD Pipelines: Experienced in
configuring and maintaining CI/CD pipelines using GitHub
Enterprise Appliance, CloudBees Jenkins, SonarQube,
Artifactory, and Invicti.
IT TECHNICAL SUPPORT
OCTOWORX
JUN 2006 – JUN 2014 | Lagos, NG
▪ Diagnose computer problems, monitor computer processing
systems, install software and perform tests on computer
equipment and programs, set up computer equipment,
schedule maintenance and teach clients to use existing and
new programs, manage repairs and computer parts ordering.
▪ Troubleshoot and resolve IT Technical issues from
Clients, within Service Level Agreement (SLA).
▪ Support installation, maintenance, upgrades to local
networks and communications Infrastructure, disseminate
information on common problems to department staff,
Tracks trending of issues and escalate, as appropriate.
▪ Deliver training sessions to the Agency’s staff community,
on new Applications on tips related to the use of software
applications, computers Internet and intranet usage based
on company policy.
▪ Manage the installation and replacement process for
computers, server workstations, Work group naming and
network configuration from initial request to final installation.