# Derrick Bandelier – infra/backbone planning anchor (high_bar 88–92)

Derrick Bandelier
10013 Inshore Drive
Austin, Texas 78730
(512) 587-1345 (Mobile)
derrick.bandelier@gmail.com

P R O F I L E

Motivated, versatile, and energetic professional with broad experience and proven accomplishments over
the course of 2+ decades in industry. Analytical and decisive decision maker. Established, developed, and

led multiple global teams to measurable success, planned and/or managed highly complex $100M+ cross-
functional programs, and found success across the breadth of the technology business cycle. Major

strengths lie in leadership, acquisition and delivery, strategic planning, and program management. Strong
work ethic and commitment to professional integrity.

P R O F E S S I O N A L E X P E R I E N C E

Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Senior Backbone Planner, Americas Jan 2023 - Present
Austin, Texas
Lead backbone planner for the Americas within the network acquisition team. As part of the first backbone
planning team at AWS, this role is heavily engaged in development of North and Latin America strategic
infrastructure plans to signal and support commercial negotiation and acquisition across the region.

Activities include strategic topology planning, modeling, and documentation to deliver strategic continental-
scale acquisition of appropriate dark fiber investment supporting collective AWS network demand for the

next decade. Peer with fiber negotiators to support vendor engagement and ensure clear requirements for
acquisition and delivery. Other Plans of Record include new regions, machine learning/AI markets, and
key markets/corridors to lead stakeholder teams towards the desired long-term end state. Also involved in
the development of the Plan of Record (POR), annual budget plans, and early-stage due diligence for
potential new region/AI investments.
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Global Backbone Planning

Aug 2019 – Dec 2022
Austin, Texas
Served in a unique individual contributor role as first AWS backbone planner. Provided global backbone
planning support for a variety of large-scale cross-functional programs and process development. This
included working with engineering and s/w development teams to establish a ground-up SRLG modeling
and evaluation program that provided AWS the first proactive failure bypass modeling and deployment
workflow in company history. Heavily involved in driving various s/w development and tooling roadmaps.
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Edge Expansion Planning (Middle East & Africa)

Nov 2017 – Aug 2019
Austin, Texas
Led AWS new market expansion planning for the Middle East and Africa regions. This included early due
diligence plans for over a dozen potential new countries, aligning backbone, colocation, IP strategy, and
various service teams to drive data-based evaluation. Worked closely with various negotiation, legal,
finance, and public policy teams to holistically evaluate the market opportunities including geopolitical risk
and deliver recommendations on AWS launch strategy.
Google Fiber
Program Manager, Strategic Initiatives

May 2016 – Oct 2017
Austin, Texas
Responsible for coordination of all 3rd party infrastructure planning, design, and acquisition across all
existing and expansion markets. Key areas of focus were market plan development, cost reduction,
maximizing revenue potential, and driving adoption of innovative technology to reduce network build costs.

DERRICK A. BANDELIER

Google
Manager, Global Core Capacity Design

Jan 2014 – May 2016
Austin, Texas

The global core design team is responsible for planning and design of the entirety of Google’s global inter-
metro core capacity. This includes generation of all core plans, architecture and network engineering

engagement for next-generation platforms, platform migrations, datacenter and core router capacity
designs, and input and support for associated plans of record (PORs) for all global regions. During my
oversight the team tripled in size, developed and refined numerous processes and workflows, generated
over fifteen detailed datacenter designs, 700 tactical plans, and dozens of additional metro/regional core
designs globally.
Google
Program Manager, Global Transport Deployment

Nov 2010 – Jan 2014
Austin, Texas
Responsible for the strategic level program management of the European and North American optical
transport deployment teams. Tasked with prioritizing, communicating, and coordinating dozens of
overlapping projects and cross-functional roles across the full life cycle from architecture and planning to
design, deployment, and operations hand off. Heavily involved in process evolution and improvement, as
well as feedback support for associated tool development. Creator and facilitator of a series of recurring
global cross-functional summits to improve communication and workflow across the business cycle from
architecture to operations.
Google
Manager, Invoice & Vendor Management

Oct 2009 – Oct 2010
Mountain View, CA
Manager of the IVM Group within Google’s Global Infrastructure Commercial Operations (GICO)
organization. Responsible for PO creation, invoice audit, and payment approvals for approximately ~$1B+
in annual Capex/Opex. Cumulatively, the team supported the business behind the entirety of Google’s
global data center and network infrastructure (including YouTube) across dozens of entities via their
respective currencies.
Google
Network Planning Program Manager, Global Infra

Sept 2008 – Oct 2009
Mountain View, CA
Responsible for Network Planning, Americas, driving planning and acquisition of Google’s first
comprehensive continental-scale fiber and optical network. Heavily involved in commercial dark fiber
negotiations, establishing physical and optical layer topology requirements, and executing subsequent
optical deployment plans. Work included various feasibility studies, network plans, and executive approval
packages that were defined, achievable, and in-line with resource allocation, priority, budget, dynamic
architecture, infrastructure availability, and other factors.
Google
Technical Project Manager, Network Acquisition

May 2007 – Sept 2008
Mountain View, CA
Served on the Global Infrastructure team as primary North American vendor point of contact within the
organization, coordinating the procurement and delivery of all paid peering/transit capacity, leased optical
capacity, metro and long-haul dark fiber, and ISP infrastructure for the Americas.
OnFiber Communications Manager, Contracts

2005-2007
Austin, TX
Manager of the contracts team and lead negotiator for all metro and regional long-haul dark fiber and
leased transport services. Tasked with the preparation and negotiation of all new strategic agreements
and amendments, as well as sales, asset swap, and purchase negotiations. Worked closely with executive
leadership and legal counsel on M&A diligence prior to the Qwest acquisition of OnFiber in 2006.
OnFiber Communications Senior Network Planner/Engineer

2003-2005
Austin, TX
Primary responsibilities include technical lead RFP response roles, providing sales support, training,
system design, and directing optimization and overbuild projects in the network.

DERRICK A. BANDELIER

Cisco Systems Engineer

2000 - 2002
Tulsa, OK
Pre-sales engineering, training, and technical support to a wide range of organizations. Heavily involved
in customer support for network architecture, testing, sales, purchasing, and operations. CCNA certified.
WorldCom, Inc. Network Planner, Fiber Optic Transmission

1997-2000
Tulsa, OK

E D U C A T I O N
Oklahoma State University, Stillwater Oklahoma
Bachelor of Science, Civil Engineering May 1993
Master of Science, Civil Engineering May 1994
Stanford Certified Project Manager, Stanford University Center for Professional Development
Odessa, Texas Junior College – Varsity Golf Team

R E F E R E N C E S

Available upon request
