# Elizabeth C. Shaw – HR/people ops sample (strong_foundation 80–84, non-anchor)
Elizabeth C. Shaw
507 Pressler St. Apt 5139 Austin, TX 78703
lizicshaw@gmail.com

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering Technology
Montana State University​, Bozeman, MT
Cumulative GPA: 3.62
Graduation Date: May 2012
EMPLOYMENT AND EXPERIENCE
TEFL-certified English Teacher ​Aug 2017 to Dec 2017
TtMadrid, ​Madrid, Spain
● Completed a 4-week TEFL certification course including 6 teaching practices with student levels ranging from
beginning to advanced. Created original lesson plans and materials for each class.
● Teaching in-company English classes to business professionals both in 1-on-1 and group settings (up to 8).
World Race Gap Year Squad Counselor/Mentor Aug 2015 to May 2017
Adventures in Missions​, ​Gainesville, GA
● Adventures in Missions is a Christian ministry focused on sending thousands of missionaries around the world each
year.
● World Race Gap Year is an intense 9-month mission trip for participants ages 18-21 years old. They travel to 3-5
different countries partnering with local churches and missionaries in the country to serve.
● Direct oversight for training and equipping groups of 200 leaders and participants (squads) to live in community
and serve overseas on a 9-month trip. Training begins before they leave, and continues through a series of
debriefs in different countries throughout their experience.
● Provided 1-on-1 counseling, guidance, and mentoring for college-age leaders and participants during their 9 months
of living overseas.
● Provided counseling and advised participants after returning from the field as they adjust to live in the US and make
decisions regarding their future (work, school, etc.).
● Led a cross-functional team which included logistical and administrative staff to achieve goals such as:
○ Revenue growth and control of field costs
○ Partner development
○ Participant safety
○ Reporting

Youth Coordinator and Mentor Jun 2014 to Jul 2015
Ascent Community Church​, ​Louisville, CO ·
● Program coordinator for Middle and High School students at Ascent Community Church.
● Played integral role in starting Middle and High School program for start-up church plant.
● Responsible for planning and implementing evening activities bi-weekly for students in the surrounding area.
● Built relationships with students and mentored them outside of the normal program as well as recruiting and
training leaders to do the same.
Alumni Squad Leader Jul 2013 to May 2014
Adventures in Missions/The World Race​, ​Global
● The World Race is an 11 country in 11 month mission trip to serve overseas. As an Alumni leader, I began the journey
with the World Race Participants for their first 5 months to facilitate their journey.
● Serve as the main point of contact between the US office and current country and maintain responsibility in the
following areas:
○ Facilitate emotional and physical well being of the squad
○ Lead conflict resolution and conflict management
○ Plan and run monthly “debriefs” for the squad and maintain communication with logistics leaders
● Selected new team leaders, arranged teams, and organized Leadership Development Weekends.
● Selected and trained new squad leaders, coordinated with logistics leaders and facilitated travel days to and from
each country.
● Maintained monthly budget for team of squad leaders, keeping track of and distributing funds.

Squad Leader/World Race Participant Jul 2012 to May 2013
Adventures in Missions/The World Race​, ​Global
● Participant and leader on the World Race to 11 countries in 11 months. Traveled to India, Nepal, Thailand, Cambodia,
Malaysia, Vietnam, Uganda, Kenya, Tanzania, Latvia and Estonia.
● Served local missionaries and churches in each country by teaching English, rebuilding homes, preaching and
evangelizing.
● Promoted to “Squad Leader” to lead and mentor participants with the responsibilities listed under Alumni Leader.
·
Research Assistant Jan 2012 to Mar 2012
Montana State University​, ​Bozeman, MT
● Researched thermal properties for a payload carrying sensitive radiation equipment for it to function in extreme
conditions.
● Participated in a team of Graduate Students in designing payload according to HASP (High Altitude Student
Payload) standards.
Design Engineering Intern Jun 2011 to Aug 2011
Montana State University/NASA​, ​Bozeman, MT
● Implemented System Engineering Design concepts to design, fabricate and launch a payload for a high altitude
balloon (funded by grant from NASA).
● The payload was designed to carry sensitive radiation equipment to an altitude of 100k feet on the Borealis balloon
platform.
● Worked with an interdisciplinary team of women engineers to integrate computer and electrical system
components to the design.
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
● Participated in a 6-month student exchange program as a Junior in High School to Mulhouse, France with American
Field Service (AFS).
● Traveled to 42 countries in Africa, Asia, Europe and South America.
● Working knowledge of both Spanish and French.
