# Siddhi Kodolikar – federal PM/consultant sample (strong_foundation 80–84, non-anchor)

SIDDHI KODOLIKAR
Sterling, VA, 20165
Cell: (703) 945 - 7952
Skodolik@ChicagoBooth.edu
Clearance Level
— Secret
Function and Specialization
— Strategic Management Support
— Project Manager
— Technical Oversight
Clients
— Department of State (DOS)
— Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD)
Government Connections
— Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD)
— Department of State (DOS)
— The Department of the Treasury
(USDT)
Education
— University of Chicago
Booth School of Business
MBA Class of 2023
Concentrations:
Entrepreneurship,
Strategic Management,
Behavioral Science,
General Management
— Virginia Polytechnic Institute and
State University
Class of 2018
Business Information Technology
Computer Science
— University of Economics
Prague, Czech Republic
Licenses & Certifications
— Certified SAFe 5 Agilist
— Certified Scrum Master (CSM)

Background
Siddhi has about six (6) years of professional experience leading and managing federal
engagements and projects. She currently serves on an engagement with the Department
of State. Siddhi, as a core team member has delivered many mission critical applications
with innovative approaches to manage resources on meager budgets. She has proven
responsibilities in IT processes, planning, budgeting, UI/UX, design, SDLC, and delivery.
Siddhi has implemented strategic management and behavioral science approaches to
improve team communications and further team through-put. Siddhi is looking forward
to diving into a startup and being part of a targeted AI team to lead and execute core
product missions and goals.
Professional and Industry Experience
Deloitte: Senior Consultant - DOS IRM
(Rosslyn VA, Dec 2020 to Present)
— Leads data design, logic, and connections for ingestion of data sources and systems to
create a full scoped application.
— Leads and supports advancement and maintenance of Agile SDLC architecture, tool
migration to ServiceNow, project portfolio, and solutions for the bureau.
— Team scrum master: delegate, organize, and track work and team actions over the
course of the sprint with interaction with the client team. Manage and leverage
Microsoft Planner to organize scrum team.
KPMG LLP: Business Analyst - DOS IRM
(McLean VA, May 2020 to Nov 2020)
— Lead and supported application development through the ServiceNow platform to
benefit COVID-19 programs.
— Led and managed applications across various topic areas for a cross functional team
as lead, in a fast-paced environment.
— Leveraged the Agile modules in ServiceNow to support scrum team.
— For each application, directly worked with client to gather requirements and translate
them to epics, designs, reporting, and user stories. Before delivery of applications,
wrote and completed test plans and demos.
KPMG LLP: Project Manager - HUD Loan Review System 1.0 and 2.0
(McLean VA, Jun 2018 to Nov 2020)
— Lead and monitored the LRS 2.0 Application, an automated IT process application that
helps HUD detect risk and fraud in Federal Housing Administration insured loans.
— Architected and solved business needs by gathering requirements from clients and
translating to new functionality, designs, epics, and user stories.
— Managed Jira and Confluence as part of this project.
— Facilitated client team communication, project planning, and agile process flows as a
part of the scrum team.
— Worked with team to deliver bug fixes, updated functionality, testing, and change
requests.
— Provided client services through operations and maintenance support for LRS 1.0.
Skills
Technical: Microsoft Office Suite, JIRA, Linux OS, iWork, Programming Languages (JAVA, C,
SQL, HTML5, CSS, VB, VBA, JavaScript), MS SQL, Android Development, Jira, Confluence,
ServiceNow
People: Verbal and Non-Verbal Communication, Negotiation, Conflict Resolution,
Collaboration, Active Listening, Adaptability, Empathy, Emotional Intelligence and Politics
Management, Leadership
