# Matt Shaw – older talent resume sample (thin_signal 72–76, non-anchor)


Matthew Robert Shaw
1447 Takeda Dr. Gainesville, GA, 30501

(720) 695-5454
mattrshaw2011@gmail.com

EDUCATION
Oklahoma State University, Stillwater, OK Aug 2006 to Dec 2010
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Cumulative GPA: 3.52
Double Major: Marketing and Business Management Major GPA: 3.95
GENERAL SKILLS
Program Development & Management Leadership Coaching
Streamlining Operations Problem Management
Customer Relations & Service Business Development & Sales
Human Resources & Organizational Development Career Coach

WORK EXPERIENCE
Talent Management Manager July 2015 to June 2017
Adventures in Missions, Gainesville, GA
● Adventures in Missions is a Christian ministry that sends thousands of people on mission trips across the
world every year (100,000+ missionaries sent since 1983).
● Provide the process and hands-on execution for all elements associated with the identi

cation and

alignment of talent to strategy through Adventures In Missions.
● Directly responsible for overseeing the recruiting, hiring, and onboarding process for 200-person
organization.
● Create and maintain systems and processes for recruitment and talent management that drives
accomplishment of organizational objectives.
● Spearheaded the implementation of a performance-review process as a strategic priority
organization-wide.
● Ongoing research on management and behavioral theory and practices, goal setting strategies, leadership
styles, and communication methods.
● Lead and facilitate leadership coaching and training, both 1-on-1 and group settings.
● Also serve as the Director of the World Race Alumni program (Adventures For Life), a group with 4,500
members globally.

Logistics Coordinator and International Participant May 2014 to May 2015
Adventures in Missions/The World Race, Global
● The World Race is a stretching journey into 11 countries in 11 months to serve "the least of these" while
amongst real and raw community. While on The World Race, I traveled to 11 di

erent countries (Bulgaria,
Albania, Moldova, Romania, India, Nepal, South Africa, Swaziland, Botswana, China, and Mongolia) to serve
the impoverished people through building homes, teaching English, evangelizing, providing hope and
raising money to buy Bibles.
● Supervised and arranged group travel of 50 missionaries to a di

erent country at the end of each month.
● Negotiated with businesses to secure the most economical price for transportation and lodging.
● Maintained

nancial health and stability for entire squad of missionaries by equipping and mentoring 7

team treasurers.
● Communicated monthly with the home o

ce to collaborate on process improvement.

Sta
ng Executive Sept 2013 to Apr 2014
Robert Half International, Denver, CO
● Promoted to lead consulting practice called Salaried Professionals Service (SPS) and transferred to the
Denver, CO o
ce.

● Within 3 months, grew the operation from a worldwide company ranking of 19
th
to 2
nd
.

● Averaged 165% month over month growth.
● Managed and retained a sta

of 32 consultants/permanent employees of Robert Half o

-site and managed

the relationship with the client to ensure they were satis

ed with the consultant that was loaned to them
during the contracted period of time. Payroll of approximately $1,000,000, with annual sales exceeding
$2,000,000.
● Recruited and interviewed top accounting and

nance professionals in the Denver/Boulder area.
● Hired top talent to work in the SPS program and become permanent employees of Robert Half
International.
● Developed and grew client business and worked with the Sta

ng Managers to sell the SPS program as an

option to clients for long term and recurring accounting and

nance projects.
● Conducted in-person meetings with key managers at target companies.
● Handled all of the consultants’ career needs, assumed the role as a Career Manager for each individual.
● Prepared and conducted performance reviews and recommended salary increases for the Robert Half
consultants/employees.
● Analyzed territory marketplace and targeted company business where the SPS program would be more
often sold.
● Negotiated Robert Half consultant to permanent employee conversion contracts with the client if the client
decided to directly hire the Robert Half consultant onto their books as their own permanent employee.

Sta
ng Manager Jan 2012 to Sept 2013
Robert Half International, Dallas, TX
● Acted as a consultant to assist with resume coaching, current market trends, unemployment rates, and best
tactics and strategies to

nd temporary and temporary to hire positions.

● Built, networked, and facilitated growth of relationships with past and present C-level decision makers.
● Employed 50+ contingent employees at any given time.
● Performed a minimum of 25 in-person interviews per week with potential candidates, after sourcing and
conducting through phone screens.
● Consistently met and exceeded client visit and marketing expectations.
● Brought in sales exceeding $350,000 in the
rst year.
● Coordinated positions for 250+ candidates in the
rst year.
● Handled the tasks of managing calendars, scheduling meetings and

ling expense reports.

● Improved sta
ng e
ciency by implementing a matrix-like tracking system of available candidates and

introducing additional time-saving measures.
● Selected to attend and successfully completed the company's prestigious outside sales and marketing
trainee program.
● Recognized company-wide as “Rookie of the Year" for being a top-3 performer across the entire
organization globally.

Sales & Operations Manager Jan 2011 to Jan 2012
Worth Ave. Group, Stillwater, OK
● Designed, developed and executed the marketing tactics and strategic direction for a $7M, 22-person
company.
● Spearheaded the creation and launch of company’s new division by quantifying and qualifying new
markets.
● Augmented sales revenues company-wide through development and implementation of innovative a
liate

program.
● Authored and presented comprehensive business plan with goal of increased renewals and customer
retention – plan was adopted by senior management and renewals were increased by 80%.
● O
ered senior management creative suggestions for developing volume, market shares and cost levels.
● Expanded markets overseas to Puerto Rico and all U.S. Territories.
● Negotiated advertising contracts; coordinated and oversaw ad production in various publications such as
USA Today, Boston Hannah International and CollegeNews.
● Directly trained, motivated and supervised 3 managers; oversaw and motivated total sta

of 15 employees

in call center and claims department to ensure the smooth working of the o
ce.

● Worked closely with product marketing during product development to ensure that products met market
needs and were executed on time.
