# Jeremy Hampton – Corporate Counsel resume anchor (thin signal, low 70s)


JEREMY HAMPTON
146 Morgan Cir. S., Erie, CO 80516
Hamptonj323@gmail.com (909) 239-8811

LEGAL EXPERIENCE
UPLIGHT
Corporate Counsel November 2019 - Present
● Negotiate and draft commercial agreements with customers and vendors for SaaS and operational products
including license and professional services agreements
● Work collaboratively with multiple departments to ensure privacy, security, and product/services integrity
● Manage due diligence of acquired company contracts and prepare universal documents for products and services
in preparation of updated systems for ongoing business
● Managed compliance between Compliance Directors to create, update, and maintain privacy, data security, and
product compliance guidelines for Uplight and achieved a completely clean SOC 2 Type II report for 2020
● Implemented new processes for legal and compliance as the organization more than doubled in size
● Onboarded a contract managing platform and implemented new company-wide processes related to the platform
● Trained and managed multiple people – Contracts Manager, Corporate Counsel, Vendor Manager, Legal Intern
● Currently pursuing CIPP/US Certification
ZAYO GROUP
Corporate Counsel April 2019 - Oct. 2019
● Structured, drafted, and negotiated U.S. and foreign agreements with customers, vendors, and partners
● Analyzed and assessed risk to the organization with appropriate reporting to various departments
● Coordinated and acted as liaison between sales, product, and finance departments
BRYAN E. KUHN, COUNSELOR AT LAW
Associate Attorney June 2018 - Feb. 2019
● Represented and advised employers and employees in all areas of employment law including claims involving
unemployment, wrongful termination, discrimination, ADA, ADEA, COBRA, and FLSA
THE VAUGHN LAW OFFICES
Attorney Jan. 2018 - May 2018
● Drafted and reviewed contracts and demand letters including acquisitions, right of first refusal, demand letters,
and franchise agreements
● Assisted clients with corporate formations including preparing and filing incorporation documents, drafting
operating and buy-sell agreements, foreign investor issues, and advised on tax and employment implications
● Conducted estate planning intakes and created wills and trusts according to each client’s specific needs
● The firm dissolved and the Partner was unable to take me to the new firm – restarted his firm two years later
PING IDENTITY
Contract Consultant Sept. 2016 - Jan. 2017 & Sept. 2017 - Dec. 2017
● Conducted contract diligence of complex SaaS and software license agreements including review of
indemnification, limitation of liability, and warranties provisions
● Assisted with the implementation of the contract database providing valuable data about each customer
EAGAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
Contract Consultant Mar. 2017 - Sept. 2017
● Drafted loan documents and related credit agreements
ENTREPRENEURIAL LAW CLINIC
Student Attorney Aug. 2015 - May 2016

● Counseled emerging businesses on legal issues including formation, corporate governance, intellectual property
protection and other commercial matters
LIBERTY GLOBAL
Legal Intern May 2015 - Aug. 2015
● Drafted an assortment of commercial contracts ranging from security matters, commercial contractor deals, and a
new hangar for the company jet
● Managed projects and briefed the legal and business teams on industry matters to provide guidance for the future
● Assisted in assembling various types of contracts into uniform documents for the hundreds of companies under
the Liberty Global umbrella to streamline processes across the global entity
BLACKSTONE ENTREPRENEURS NETWORK OF COLORADO
Program Manager/Fellow May 2014 - Mar. 2015
● Established criteria for discovering, evaluating and connecting with high-growth potential startups throughout
Colorado and linked those companies with top entrepreneurs in the state
● Implemented standard operating procedures and coordinated with startups, top business people, and politicians
NAWATTAPHUME INT. SCHOOL OF KRABI, THAILAND
Math and Lit. Teacher Oct. 2011 - July 2012
● Taught math and English to students ranging from ages 4-12 from over 15 different countries

EDUCATION
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO LAW SCHOOL
Juris Doctor May 2016
● Activities: CU/DU Transactional Competition – Best Draft for an Earn-Out provision; Co-President – Sports &
Entertainment Law Students Assoc.; Mock Trial; Transactional / Negotiations Competitions
VANGUARD UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CA
Bachelor of Arts, History & Poli. Sci. May 2010
● Activities: Varsity soccer – Three years as team captain; Third Team All-American; two-time All-Conference;
Four-time Academic All-American
● Honors: Academic All-American; cum laude; Phi Alpha Theta History Honors Society
Teaching Credential May 2011
● Single-Subject Teaching Credential – Social Science
PROFESSIONAL LICENSE
Licensed to practice law in Colorado
Member of: ABA – Business Law; Colorado Bar Association – Business Law, Young Lawyers Division, and
Communications & Tech. Law