# Matt Shaw – talent leader anchor (high_bar 86–90)

Matt Shaw, SHRM-CP 
marshaw2011@gmail.com / 720-441-8369 
Professional Experience 
Meta (formerly Facebook), Talent Acquisition Leader (AI and ML SWE) 
Boulder, CO Mar 2022 to present ● Managed a team of 17 Recruiters and Sourcers, navigating two performance-related terminations and one promotion in 2022 while building a high-performing team in Meta’s highest-priority recruiting org (AI and ML Software Engineering hiring). 
● Played a pivotal role in Boom of Funnel (BoF) initiatives, contributing to 1,000+ ML Gen hires and providing data-driven insights to C-suite recruiting leadership. 
● Served as Subject Matter Expert for ML Hiring Committee, identifying critical trends and influencing recruiting and business strategies through monthly leadership presentations. ● Quickly established a prominent presence in Meta Tech Recruiting's BoF council and took charge of org-wide over standups and over themed meetings within six weeks of joining. ● Exemplified leadership under pressure by directing ML Acceleration eos, onboarding 42+ non-AI/ML recruiters through a structured mentorship and training program, resulting in an additional 107 hires in Q3 2022. 
● Highest Manager Pulse survey rating in a coho of 24 other managers for 2022 (97%). 
Google, Recruiting Manager 
Boulder, CO Feb 2018 to Mar 2022 ● Achieved two promotions within four years, ultimately becoming Team Lead for Senior-level recruiting in Core Computing (2,800 employee organization), directly managing 6 Recruiters and 3 Sourcers. 
● Successfully scaled Solutions Engineering Org in Google Cloud from <5 to 300+ employees, managing teams across multiple regions and recruiting for niche business and technical roles such as Product Managers, Solutions Managers, Value Consultants, and Engineering Directors. 
● Spearheaded the creation of Google's first-ever Cloud Value Advisory, coordinating stang eos across multiple teams and regions to target $1B+ enterprise cloud deals. ● Managed LATAM Cloud Sales team expansion, increasing the team size from 15 to 48 employees (220% growth) across 7 countries in just over a year. 
● Led an AMER-wide Cloud candidate referrals drive, generating 112 Offer Accepts and nearly 5,000 referrals for IC5 to IC8 talent in two quarters. 
● Full-cycle recruiting from 2018-2021 across a variety of roles from sales, product, operations and engineering. 
Adventures in Missions, Talent Acquisition Director 
Atlanta, GA May 2014 to Jun 2017 ● Managed a team of 10 (2 Managers and 8 ICs), overseeing recruiting, hiring, and onboarding for a 200-person organization, filling positions such as CFO, COO, Software Developers, and Accountants. 
● Implemented strategic talent identification and alignment processes to support the organization's mission and growth, including the company's first ever structured interview process. ● Established and spearheaded an org-wide performance review process as a strategic priority.
● Facilitated leadership coaching and training sessions for groups of up to 200 people, addressing topics such as career growth and conflict management. 
● From May 2014 to June 2015, volunteered in the World Race program, serving 11 countries in 11 months, and worked as the Head of Logistics, managing group travel, budgeting, and logistics for 60 international volunteers. 
Robe Half International, Stang Executive 
Denver, CO Jan 2012 to Apr 2014 ● Achieved Top-3 global ranking as a first-year producer, resulting in a promotion within one year. 
● Led the Salaried Professionals Service (SPS), managing a staff of 32 consultants and overseeing client relationships, with an annual payroll of ~$1M and sales exceeding $2M. 
● Delivered consistent growth, averaging 165% month-over-month revenue increase during tenure. 
● Provided consulting services in resume coaching, market trends, unemployment rates, and strategies for securing temporary and temporary-to-hire positions. 
Other Work History 
TtMadrid, TEFL-Certified Language Consultant Jul 2017 to Dec 2017 Madrid, Spain 
● During a six-month sabbatical after leaving Adventures in Missions, I moved to Madrid, Spain, and worked as a TEFL-Certified Language Consultant at TtMadrid. In this role, I facilitated in-company English classes tailored for business leaders of medium and large-sized corporations, including CEOs, Directors, and other Senior Management professionals. This experience allowed me to utilize my language and teaching skills while engaging with executives from various industries. 
Education and Certifications 
Oklahoma State University, Stillwater, OK 
B.S. Business Administration - Marketing and Finance focus 
Graduated Dec 2010 
SHRM Certified Professional (SHRM-CP) 
Issued Aug 2020 
Expires Jul 2024

